yo what's going on guys so I finally got
around to trying out the shotguns and
ghosts
it must have played about four hours now
trying out all the different shotguns
and before I get into which one I think
is the best even though you could see it
in the video let me just say shotguns
are not good in this game a lot of
people message me saying how bad they
were
and it's true there's no reason for you
to use a shotgun in this game now that's
kind of lame because shotguns have
always been really fun to use in FPS
games and it's really not the guns being
weak although you're gonna encounter a
lot of good markers and whatnot but it's
not about the guns needing a buff it's
about the map design in this game it
doesn't work well if you're using a
shotgun because when you use a shotgun
you never could kill across the map like
his fastball of a modern warfare 2 you
still had to be you know at least medium
range and in this game to get behind the
other team is pretty freaking hard
because if you're trying to make your
way around the map you're gonna
encounter a vertical spot like a window
or a rooftop every single map has them
and if you got a shotgun and you're on
ground level you don't have a chance
against someone sitting on a roof and a
lot of the maps are designed like that
so that's just how it is in the game I
personally do not recommend using a
shotgun the fun factor is pretty low it
could be fun for moments but once you
kill like three guys and you think
you're gonna get a quad you're probably
gonna get a hitmarker
no but it's just it just doesn't make as
much sense in the scene from the shotgun
as opposed to simply using an assault
rifle why not kill in two to three
bullets up close and kill across the map
you know why why have to shoot him twice
up close with a pump-action shotgun it's
no real point but I don't mean to whine
about it I'm just making the facts clear
or at least my opinion clear what the
gun that I prefer to use
the TAC 12 of course it doesn't get as
many one-shot kills as why the fp6 for
example but the key to this gun is that
it has a huge ammo capacity I use it
with extended mags and when you start
with the gun like the FT six yeah you
could kill in one shot but you got a
bullets you get like five shots with
that gun that's a real killer the
semi-auto shotgun is good too it's kind
of the same story
you you run out of ammo and you're
sitting on reload that's a big problem
you got to be always moving and that's
why in this video I'm playing cranked I
think Frank works really well with
shotguns other game modes work too but
just for the sake of the class setup in
this video it's purely for cranked I
wouldn't use this class in Kill
Confirmed for example now let's get
started on the perks I got ready up I
think that self-explanatory stalker
because I love aiming down sights and
strafing that's a key to my gameplay
steady aim because I find myself
shooting from the hip a lot you have to
shoot quickly I mean your reactions have
to be top-notch with the shot hands in
this game if you plan to win so I find
myself shooting from the hip quite a bit
if I'm not shooting from the hip that's
why I have quick-draw on because you
gotta aim down sights and fire as soon
as possible
and aiming down sights does seem to get
a better like a tighter spread but I'm
not positive I don't run any tests on
this stuff but it just seems to the last
perk I got gambler on just because it's
funny I like seeing what random perk it
gives me and on the gun itself I got
extended mags and muzzle brake not sure
about the differences in muzzle break
but you're very limited in your choices
for the gun so put it on it can't hurt
and
this this isn't the best gameplay by any
means but this was just one that I get I
got I slapped on this class and probably
three games then I got this and you know
you don't end up doing that poorly with
the shotgun it's just that you could
only do better using an assault rifle
and that's where the fun is kind of
taken out of it because no one likes to
think oh I could them so much better
with a different gun because every other
gun in the game is basically equal so
shotguns the verdict from me is that
they're just not that good and mainly
due to the maps you know I don't care if
you make them stronger you still gotta
get to the other team and that takes a
lot of patience a lot of trying to work
your way around the outside of the map
so it actually slows down the game as
opposed to slapping on another gun and
just you know go in guns blazing right
through the middle the chalk gun
definitely slows it down a bit and like
I said requires patience but eventually
once you learn the Maps better and all
that you'll find your way behind the
other team it does feel good to take
down like four guys and four shots
that's always awesome but it's a little
upsetting that it's not as good as I
hoped and who knows maybe with the new
map packs it'll get better if there's
always hope for that so hopefully you
enjoyed the video and maybe you'll try
out this class and cranked and if you're
gonna play Kill Confirmed I definitely
suggests you use dead silence and
amplify and that kind of stuff and
cranked I don't think it matters too
much you're just running around so fast
anyway that it doesn't matter so I'll
see you guys where our tanks are made in
dreams across this is your little circus
and we're making fucked asses